In this file will be explained the content of the
of the result/PLOT directory and PLOT directorty generated by the experiment.

The **cactus_plot** files represent the overall performance of all the solver for a specific benchmarkset. For the problem defined over the reals are reported only the correct results, so the one which have a Delta < 10^-6, and the unverified ones. So the ones for which ourtool_smt2 went to timeout and so a comparison is impossibile.

The **scatter_plots** represent a comparison among ourtool_smt2/fzn and the other tool.


The scatter plots present two parallel dotted lines for each axes, the *red* ones represent the *timeout* lines set equal to 600.0s, whereas the *blue* ones are used to identify those instances which have reported some solver-specific error. In both cases the color used for this kind of points is *green*.

The colors used to plot the points for the scatter plots have different meanings. If the plot portraits a comparison between ourtool_smt2 and other flatzinc solvers the meaning of the colors are:
* a *blue* point indicates that the flatzinc solver returned a *correct* objective value on a specific instance
* a *brown*  point indicates an instance on which the two solvers returned *unsat*.
* a *red* point highlights that the flatzinc solvers returned an *incorrected* results.
* the *green* points are used for **timeouts** and **tools-error** instances.

The same rules are applied on the plots for the comparisons between ourtool_fzn and another flatzinc solver on problems defined over the integers. If the scatter plot refers to a comparison between ourtools_fzn and another flatzinc solver, for a problem defined over the reals, the meaning attributed to each color follows these rules:
* a *blue* point indicates that both the solvers returned a *correct* objective value respect to the one obtained by ourtool_smt2 on the same instance.
* a *red* highlights that both the solvers returned an *incorrect* result if compared to ourtool_smt2.
* a *faded green* points indicates that ourtool_fzn returned a correct values whereas the other flatzinc solvers doesn't.
* a *purple* point are used for the opposite case of the previous bullet point.
* the *dark purple* points are the unverified ones due to ourtool_smt2 timeout.
* the *green* points are used for **timeouts** and *tool-error* instances.